hey everyone this is the unboxing of the
new bose bluetooth headset series two
left ear of course period I chose the
left ear because I figure if I'm driving
I be able to hear my passengers better
if my right ear didn't have this big
blue tooth in it so why bose chose to
make a left ear and a right ear instead
of making it universal I have no idea it
is the first time I've ever heard of it
but they must have some kind of
reasoning behind it may be playing
around with it I can set it to the right
ear but I won't know until I've had it
for a while so anyways let's get to it
let me go ahead and open this up alright
looks like just sticker here
so go ahead and just pull this out all
right alrighty so looks like it has aloe
Bluetooth case very nice uh good
protection actually feels very nice like
Bose quality does Sabo's right on the
little tag there if you can see that all
right so what else has come with this is
probably the USB charger yes it is
actually I'm pretty impressed with this
pretty thin there's a USB this folds and
it looks a bit different than what I'm
used to seeing it's because they're both
separated I don't know if you could see
that but as you can see they're both
separate so when it's inside it's
actually thinner than normal and then
pops out to that it looks like this
detaches something but i'll have to look
more into that later maybe it's a
supposed to be when you're pulling this
part out take the plastic off here's a
Bose box which contains the USB charger
here's the cable see what else is in
here looks like another ear bud maybe
there's only one I'll see once I pull up
the headset itself and the instructions
let's see and another ear bud so looks
like they probably have three sizes all
together for those with big ears and
those with small ears so put this aside
and here's
the headset itself it's nice and snug
inside this plastic pull this out and
there it is so you can see very nice
quality the standard bows look to it I
don't know if you can see but looks like
this is where you answer phone calls
volume up volume down and then an on/off
switch this is an actual on/off switch
it looks like so that's pretty nice and
of course the charging port so looks
like it has a battery indicator as well
as the Bluetooth indicator so here's
again the bluetooth headset from bos
i'll be playing around with it compare
it to other ones and i'll get back and
let you guys know what I think you have
any questions comments please feel free
to ask and thanks for watching bye
you